c:\users\harjot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\TelegramBot.exe.config
c:\users\harjot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\TelegramBot.exe
c:\users\harjot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\TelegramBot.pdb
c:\users\harjot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\harjot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\harjot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\Telegram.Bot.dll
c:\users\harjot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\harjot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\harjot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\Telegram.Bot.xml
c:\users\harjot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\obj\Debug\TelegramBot.exe
c:\users\harjot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\obj\Debug\TelegramBot.pdb
c:\users\harjot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\obj\Debug\TelegramBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\harjot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\images\vicky1.jpg
c:\users\harjot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\images\1.jpg
c:\users\harjot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\images\happy1.jpg
c:\users\harjot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\images\harry1.jpg
c:\users\harjot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\images\keron1.jpg
c:\users\harjot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\images\parb1.jpg
c:\users\harjot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\images\vicky2.jpg
c:\users\harjot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\images\parb2.jpg
c:\users\harjot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\images\MonaLisa_KeithUrban.jpeg
C:\Users\Harjot\Documents\GitHub\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\TelegramBot.exe.config
C:\Users\Harjot\Documents\GitHub\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\obj\Debug\TelegramBot.exe
C:\Users\Harjot\Documents\GitHub\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\obj\Debug\TelegramBot.pdb
C:\Users\Harjot\Documents\GitHub\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\images\vicky1.jpg
C:\Users\Harjot\Documents\GitHub\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\images\1.jpg
C:\Users\Harjot\Documents\GitHub\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\images\happy1.jpg
C:\Users\Harjot\Documents\GitHub\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\images\harry1.jpg
C:\Users\Harjot\Documents\GitHub\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\images\keron1.jpg
C:\Users\Harjot\Documents\GitHub\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\images\parb1.jpg
C:\Users\Harjot\Documents\GitHub\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\images\vicky2.jpg
C:\Users\Harjot\Documents\GitHub\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\images\MonaLisa_KeithUrban.jpeg
C:\Users\Harjot\Documents\GitHub\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\images\parb2.jpg
C:\Users\Harjot\Documents\GitHub\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\TelegramBot.exe
C:\Users\Harjot\Documents\GitHub\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\TelegramBot.pdb
C:\Users\Harjot\Documents\GitHub\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Harjot\Documents\GitHub\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Harjot\Documents\GitHub\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\Telegram.Bot.dll
C:\Users\Harjot\Documents\GitHub\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Harjot\Documents\GitHub\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Harjot\Documents\GitHub\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\bin\Debug\Telegram.Bot.xml
C:\Users\Harjot\Documents\GitHub\TelegramBot\TelegramBot\obj\Debug\TelegramBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
